Add changelog entry for device group management from settings page (#4003)
FlowFuse/website: src/changelog/2025/10/settings-page-device-group-management.md

---
title: Device Group Management from Settings Page
description: "Easily manage device groups directly from the Remote Instance settings page"
date: 2025-10-21 12:00:00.0
authors: ['serban-costin']
tags:
  - changelog
issues:
  - "https://github.com/FlowFuse/flowfuse/issues/6006"
---

> Managing which device group your Remote Instances belong to just got a lot easier. Previously, if you wanted to move a device to a different group, you had to navigate through all the available groups to find and reassign it - a time-consuming process when dealing with multiple device groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Managing which device group your Remote Instance belong to just got a easier. Previously, if you wanted to move a device to a different group, you had to identify the group the Remote Instance belongs to, remove it, then find the group to assign it to, edit that group and add it. This was not optimal.
```
